attention the following video is going
to totally kick ass if you enjoy any of
it and/or have a large penis please
click the like button below enjoy
hello everyone i'm kar speedy and today
i want to thank you guys for all the
support you guys gave me on my 5 million
subscriber montage it's unbelievable to
me how well that video did at the
current point of recording this it has
120,000 likes and over 10,000 comments
almost 100% of the comments were
uplifting and cheerful and just made me
really happy to read a lot of people
were saying stuff like great video you
know best video ever and on top of that
the best comments were people saying you
know i remember this video i remember
this video and i subscribed you and you
have 500,000 viewers i've seen all these
videos live people saying stuff like
that and the point of that video was to
reminisce on all the past moments that
led up to the 5 million subscribers and
choosing the clips for that video is
almost impossible because i mean what do
you really choose when you have 1000
videos someone just rang my doorbell
hear that and i'm back alright so it was
one of those door-to-door salesmen that
was at my door that's always fun so i
had to get rid of him real quick
anyway i don't know where i left off at
that kind of ruined my train of thought
but I will say that choosing the clips
for that video is very difficult going
back through a thousand videos and
trying to pick like oh no 20 25 clips
that show off your entire channel in
just that small selection is very
difficult for me I had some help with
the editor because he was able to go
back and pick what he thought and let me
just say the person that edit that video
his name is the winter edit so I'll put
his link in description um he did a
really good job in that video he also
did all the animations he did everything
with the video um I had a few sound
effects here and there but for the most
part he did 99% of that video really
proud of the work he did more
importantly the animations especially
that last one I really liked the part
where it skips over to the lux floor and
he's you know doing his business on a
guy and then just comes like it's like
back to youth Beatty I really enjoyed
that animation and overall it just gave
that video that finalized feel in my
opinion so if you guys want to support
him check him out I'll put his Twitter
and his YouTube channel in description
if you want to subscribe to him and
follow him that would be great
another thing I'd like to talk about is
that my 5 million subscribers montage
was mentioned in my thank-you for 4
million subscribers video and you guys
really held me to that so what happened
there was some technical difficulties
that led to my five million subscriber
montage not being ready at five million
subscribers so we decided to delay it
another 18 19 days till I hit 1,000
videos which is funny because I got a
lot of tweets from people saying did you
know your 5 million subscriber montage
was also you run thousands video and I'm
like yeah it was a in the title I I said
that but yeah anyway in that video I
also said that I'm gonna try to do a Q&A
video soon and throughout that entire
million subscribers and - now I still
have not done a Q&A since then and I'm
really sorry for that I told you guys
not to hold me to it but uh still a lot
of you guys held me to it but I haven't
planned see the issue with Q&A videos is
I've basically done so many now and I
haven't done too many but I've done so
many that all questions that I'm
probably gonna answer I've already been
answered so the only way to really spice
up Q&A is to bring in a friend or a
whole friend maybe do an entire crew in
a you know bringing the entire crew and
we'll just do an entire crew in a
together or maybe I'll just bring one
one crew member in but I'll leave your
suggestions for that what - crew member
you'd like to see if you'd like to see
the whole crew I don't know if that can
half and it's really hard to get all of
us along but maybe we can get a little
bunch of us plus that'd be really hard
to do a commentary with dying people
talking at once but uh we can make a
chat we've done Minecraft videos before
with all nine people there I think and
it's just one big talking fest but
overall you it's usually just one person
talking at a time so it might work also
leave your questions for actually I
don't know how that would work cuz I
don't know if it's gonna be a crew in a
yet or just me or just me and sidearms
and me and deluxe or something but yeah
just leave questions for the Q&A videos
in this comment section I will go
through them and find them if the
questions for the entire crew of the
whole maybe you leave a little comment
at the beginning say this questions for
the whole crew and that way I'll know
that it's not just for me and it's for
everyone because I really think that'd
be a cool idea to do a Q&A with everyone
if I were to do something like that it
might be a few weeks until I can find a
date that everyone wants to get on and
do it for me because obviously
that's a lot to coordinate with nine
people and we all have different sleep
schedules and we're all over the place
so I'll try my hardest to get that done
for you guys if that's something you're
interested in and maybe we can talk
about how the crew first met and we
cannot we argue about that all the time
by the way I know that's probably one of
the biggest questions I ever get and
I've explained it in the past but I
don't think I've explained it too well
and I know my friends have too but it's
hard to find those videos if you knew
the channel and you want to know about
our background so I completely
understand why that questions around and
one last thing I want to touch on in the
last week I've uploaded a prank call
video on my second channel and that
video just went crazy it got about the
same amount of likes a video on my main
channel would and I posted it on my
second channel and every single comment
was saying this is hilarious I want more
more and more and more and more and more
you know I've seen a lot of more
comments back on minecraft videos back
in the day but goddamn that's the most
more comments I've ever seen in my life
even more than like a prop on video the
first time you post prop hunt on any
channel everyone's like more so yeah it
had tons of comments like that and
there's a funny story behind that
I almost didn't post that video because
well what happened that night is we all
started on some prank calls together
there was like six of us in a call and
we did it for like two hours got some
hilarious footage and then after we were
done everyone stopped the recordings and
for every single one of us our Skype
call cut off at 14 minutes so only the
first three calls were recorded and we
probably did like 20 calls at night
every single one was amazing and well
except for a few you know not everyone
was going to be good beating but yeah so
only three of the calls were recorded
only two of them were worth posting and
at the same time everyone thought that
prank call is hilarious but in my
opinion that wasn't even some of the
best stuff we had that night I
appreciate you guys loving it so much
but I almost didn't post it because
after having such great footage and then
being stuck with not the best footage
even though everyone thought it was
amazing what surprise maybe it was the
best call and I didn't know cuz you know
I don't always know what's the best clip
and I should have known you guys would
like it we did three prank call videos
back in black ops 2 and that's been one
of the most requested things we do again
so I don't know either way look forward
to more stuff like that I'm kind of
rambling on at this point so basically I
want to thank you guys for 5 million
subscribers I want to thank you for all
the support on that video for 5 million
subscribers and let me know your
questions and your thoughts on the crew
and I and QA and I will try to get that
done for you guys
and this time hold me to it bug me on
Twitter if I don't do it in I mean not
right away not right away but if it
becomes like two weeks and I still
haven't done it
please bug me on Twitter and I'll read
it and I'll try to get it done for you
so thank you guys for all the support
have a great day and sorry is the
doorbell guy annoys me see you guys bye
bye
[Music]